Bilateral combinations (#17715)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/tap_hold.md

[Auto Shift,](feature_auto_shift.md) has its own version of `retro tapping` called `retro shift`. It is extremely similar to `retro tapping`, but holding the key past `AUTO_SHIFT_TIMEOUT` results in the value it sends being shifted. Other configurations also affect it differently; see [here](feature_auto_shift.md#retro-shift) for more information.

## Bilateral Combinations

> The last mod-tap hold will be converted to the corresponding mod-tap tap if another key on the same hand is tapped during the hold, unless a key on the other hand is tapped first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last mod-tap hold will be converted to its tap keycode if another key on the same hand is tapped during the hold, unless a key on the other hand is tapped first.
```

This option can be used to prevent accidental modifier combinations with mod-tap, in particular those caused by rollover on home row mods.  As only the last mod-tap hold is affected, it should be enabled after adjusting settings and typing style so that accidental mods happen only occasionally, e.g. with a long enough tapping term, ignore mod tap interrupt, and deliberately brief keypresses.

> To enable bilateral combinations, add the following to your `config.h`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

- `SFT_T(KC_A)` Down
- wait until the tapping term expires...
- `KC_C` Down
- `KC_C` Up
- `SFT_T(KC_A)` Up

Assuming QWERTY layout with letters `a` and `c` configured for the same hand, this sequence will send capital letter `C`. With bilateral combination enabled, it will send `ac` to the host instead.

To enable bilateral combinations, add the following to your `config.h`:
```

```c
#define BILATERAL_COMBINATIONS
```

If `BILATERAL_COMBINATIONS` is defined to a value, hold times greater than that value will permit same hand combinations.  For example:

```c

> #define BILATERAL_COMBINATIONS 500

Reviewer 2: Two different states for the same config option is probably going to make [data driven config](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/data_driven_config) more complicated.
